[Music]
[Applause]
to import a reference audio file go to
the video sequencer
go to add
and click on sound
then choose your audio file
and on the right side you can set the
volume of your audio file
and display the waveform
to visualize my audio i made this tube
thing put an area modifier count 100 on
it
now i hit i on the keyboard and keyframe
the location
then i select the x-axis
click on key
click on back sound to f-curve and
select my track
you will see that the tube is only
moving back and forth in one position
for making the tube move in one
direction continuously make everything
the same as the last time
[Music]
but now we pay more attention to the
settings on the right
here you can set the lowest and highest
frequency in which the audio gets
analyzed
and also you can hit the additive button
if you want a continuous motion
now the tube moves in one continuous
motion in one direction and gets faster
when the audio gets louder
[Music]
now i'm repeating all steps with the
rotation of the x-axis
but as you can see the tube rotates way
too fast
[Music]
to fix this issue select your axis
and then
click unback curve
now we have all keyframes
and we can select all of them with
double hitting the a key
and then
hit g and y and scale them down a bit
one last thing i want to show you is
playing with the frequencies of your
audio
i am here in the geometry notes tab of
my project and if you want to recreate
the effect you are seeing in the intro
of this video
please go ahead and copy the settings of
my geometry notes you can see here
as usual key the property you want to
animate to the audio and then do the
same as we did before
hit the
bake sound to f curve
but now
play with the frequencies in this case
i'm selecting a very low frequency to
make the fear only move to the base
frequencies of my song
[Music]
if you want to replicate the visualizer
you saw in the intro i am showing you
now
the different materials i used
but i will also do a more in-depth
tutorial for audio visualization in the
near future if you don't want to miss it
please subscribe to my channel put your
questions in the comments below
and also you can download the project
file on my patreon page
[Music]